Replace "command task" by "Workflow Task" (#2042)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/tctl-v1/workflow/cancel.md

The `tctl workflow cancel --query` command cancels a [Workflow Execution](/workflows#workflow-execution).

Canceling a running Workflow Execution records a `WorkflowExecutionCancelRequested` event in the History.

> A new [Workflow Task](/tasks#workflow-task) will be scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new [Workflow Task](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-task) will be scheduled.
```
